#### Generic Competencies

Having an optimal oral and written communication helps in the way we express our ideas and knowledge, something that has been of great help to us because that way everyone else can understand the idea and work on it in case it is necessary at that moment; In the same way this helps us to carry out a better collaborative work, because even if there is a great relationship of teamwork, if you do not understand what a partner wants to say, simply the task or the corresponding work will go wrong, for not knowing how to transmit, express and even listen to what others say about it, and the function of teamwork is to work collaboratively to reach a common goal, for that it is essential to understand each other, and we have learned during this time to be responsible with the team, that is, to take responsibility for the actions and decisions we make, as well as to develop interpersonal skills. The use of ICT has facilitated collaborative work, as they are fundamental for the efficiency of the work to be done, not only has it improved accessibility to information, but it has also optimized collaboration between us, allowing us to meet independently of where we are. The automation of repetitive tasks through specialized software has freed up time, allowing us to focus on activities that require more strategic and creative thinking.

It is through analysis and synthesis of information that we can organize ourselves. We can receive a lot of information and it can be overwhelming, but together we synthesize the information and from there we make decisions, decide how to act, etc. Also by analyzing it we can realize how important it is to execute the task and its complexity through synthesis. Based on that we can present a possible problem and its possible solution, solutions that we take in an informed, rational and conscious way; these two skills are interconnected, because we need to analyze the situation to find an effective solution, also the analysis of problems is something that we will always deal with and in this project we realize that the decision making of the solutions must be with a cool head, because a bad choice can damage the entire project. Little by little we are learning to be adaptable, being able to have the flexibility to adjust to changes and face new situations is something indispensable, because there are things that are not in our hands, and despite that we must know how to act in that environment and learn quickly from it. Relevant knowledge management is essential  professionally and personally. This has allowed us to adapt to changes, improve decision making and contribute significantly to our development, we could see reflected the commitment and good performance in the activities.



